[Music]
What's up with me kids welcome one
more day to my channel I hope you're
having a good start to the week today
the video is on the main channel also the
video of the main channel is also
about the collision so it's in your
to-do list and don't be subscribed to my
main channel it's called ravioli beira
like my twitter account mines here
below you have it and we're going to talk about this
[ __ ] flyer that the best just threw
against the chocas he doesn't mention it
directly in the tweet but well he
was already talking about it live and
also in these last few days a lot of
people a lot of creators are throwing
this kind of punches at chocaba and in part it
's normal although there are people defending
it in the response but we already know that
the fans of chocaba are very aggressive they
justify things and we have to
have a little criteria
in the changes of opinion let's see what
happened before continuing to read the
response but basically the tweet is I
hope that all of those who at the
time were full of talk about
how much they love their country and how
much they liked to contribute to the
taxes that don't have the
nerve to go to Andorra at the slightest
change learn here when
[ __ ] populists come along and I really do
consider that these expressions were
pure and hard populism and I said it in its 10th a
lot of people jumped on me let's see I
want you to put me in the
comment box what you think of these
expressions are simply half
true half serious or really in
jest the truth is some and the message
that I wanted to give was the message that I was
literally giving
people a message from me to you many
times through the countries that you know that
all those prices go to North America not even
I'm going to directly reach
North America to the eyes with my hand
all the countries that you're throwing at me I
try in Spain the districts of
Spain to lift with my right hand
to the hospital with my left hand a
school with with with my penis he lifted a
bus station and that's how it arrived I am like that the
[ __ ] master 2 superman guys
that was one is
made I think he was the most popular
on the roads and the hospitals
it's because the roads and the hospitals
are the same thing here we are dude in
Spain  representing the point neighborhoods
days I am [ __ ] they
charge me ten thousand payments every
quarter I don't give a [ __ ] I pay for
Spain being in the [ __ ] neighborhood guys that's how the ones who
remain little Spain if you
steal under political pressure yeah well it's
better to leave it doesn't work organ son of a [ __ ] and
not contribute anything to my country not when
your [ __ ] mother goes to the hospital and I
pay for it the truth is that's what I'm going to
do a shitty concert go [ __ ] yourself
[ __ ]
ah
okay
- was the message that was behind it was
real in fact look here I have the
program okay okay let's see let's
see if I can record the clean conditions
okay the thing that here I have the
program of the highest resistance or
only 800 million times okay in which
he says that the message is true
what I do is try to respect that
yes if you want one beyond
political parties of movements simply
time with social conscience look how
the country is with social sciences I
think that everything is balanced a bit
is positive I don't need that much I don't
need that much but how can you give this
type of messages for real  how can you
give this type of messages look what has
happened basically and now we enter into
the type of message that was giving this
message also launched it to ibai this
message in its day also launched it and
danced as it earned a lot of money I don't care
if they take half of it from me this message was
also launched by vice at the time and it is not
possible it is not possible to give that type of
message with the influence and the reach
that you have it is not possible okay and of
course as it has been said here in the
click beyond political parties no
[ __ ] okay what is happening because
at the moment that they are getting on his
nerves because it is not only that
parents 50 to 60 percent is that on
top of that the
content creators are doing all the time
getting on his nerves like the times that
they have received fines for stupidity
when this balance was reduced in the
provisional liquidation proposal
corresponding to the immediately
previous period esker
I do not understand with that fine they pay
three desks and a blackboard that is
true the running or rather at least I know
that these three fines are going to pay three
committees and a blackboard they
are touching him they are touching him  the
noses and the speech because in exchange a
little of the speech changes a little he has not
come to say that he should leave Andorra in
fact he says it as a warning
besides I think he is buying a
house, an apartment in Madrid but that does not matter
that he is buying a house, an apartment
in Madrid this man and I am happy
for him that it does not sound like I say like the
typical one in the video about which I am
happy and I hope he continues not earning triple
but Briones version being honest you
can buy a house with each month with
what you earn it is worth it you do not have to
mortgage or anything like that I mean
if he has to leave he is not going to be tied to the
house let him buy what he wants what he
wants but they are pouring it out
that he does not want to leave he wants to stay what
happens is that in reality he will end up
leaving
I think he collides or he will end up
leaving Andorra and if he does not leave it is because of
the pride of not swallowing his words
but it cannot be it is very easy to
say it it is very easy to say it before no no it
is that the taxes that he contributes to
the country does not matter he already earned a lot  It doesn't matter
that they take half from me because it's already
saying done with the changes here,
in addition to what they want to put in
ornaments in taxes because here in
Spain it is not enough as they say
here he clashes with the fact that they pay half
also wants you to choose his mother
your mother and give her to him and see what
the government intends to do because
in the government and many sons of
[ __ ] who do not think it is enough that I
pay half of what I earn is not
enough they want me to also stretch
my mother to the train tracks
so do
not get too smart either because
I'm leaving Andorra I'm telling you so clearly do
not get too smart because seeing
something Andorra and this is a threat to the
government do not get too smart
because if you are really going to do that to
everyone I will leave too do not
get too smart I love my country but I
will not let you make it easy for us all and
dance for us all I mean
calm down right now but Sanchez and all his
[ __ ] mother get tired right now I'm
telling you  so clearly calm down right now
because you're going crazy you
're starting to get delirious no longer
delirious you've been going all your lives like I do
n't understand how
this thing about the sections still exists with
these amounts there is no no there is no
logic the only logic is that they
are stealing from you and they
are making fun of us in
fact I mean how are you going to be paying 300
euros a month
plus half of what it is it doesn't make
sense it doesn't make sense I'm not telling you
about not paying taxes that many times it
seems like we are against
taxes that we don't want to pay
taxes we want to be rich to
buy a Ferrari we cheating
paying a self-employed fee of about
fifty euros I would see it more or less
fine no 50 without Europe what they have is more
and apart from that I don't know
2025 of what we generate would not be good
2025 of what we generate I do
n't know if you know but the thing is that we
not we nor you the people who
work in accounts for others for
many years  you can't even
deduct the rent of your house or the
mortgage anything every time they were removing
more issue removing more and in the end you will
end up
keeping 10% of what you generate
okay so in fact here in Spain you are
left with 30 to 40% of what you
generate now because if here among those who
pay taxes they don't know
how much and then you are paying the VAT
because when you are consuming
not only do they take the taxes
when you are earning the money they also
take it when you are spending it
okay even if you have 50 thousand
euros in the bank on everything you
buy they are going to charge you VAT you
pay for gasoline a large part of the price
of IBA you buy you are going to eat and the
food a large part IBA you buy
your house and you have to pay the VAT in
hand which also cannot be mortgaged in other words it
is a [ __ ] robbery we are slaves we are not
idiots so I don't know how
today this is still allowed well it is
allowed because there are
populist messages like the ones that
choca soy bay was giving in his day there was one of  the
hours of the reactions that I
liked the most is the one from greve balls I'm
leaving Andorra and that Pedro Sanchez and all
his people get off three tonics the
reality is that Pedro Sanchez and his
people and Spain that [ __ ] that the
money in fact that he's leaving
the reality what doesn't give them so much support
to society is that an influential guy
after saying I'm going to build hospitals I'm going to build up
da I'm going to build up I don't know what to say well
look now I'm leaving on foot because they call
take away enough here the most
important thing is not a question of money it
's a question of social impact it
's basically the summary when the
crash I can't take it anymore and two
Razzies leave he's leaving that I already say that if he doesn't
leave and now for not swallowing his words
after everything he's said but yes
if you are Andorra in the end they wouldn't take it
as a message look at a person
who fought for the country and in the end
ended up so tired that this year no what they're
going to do in the media they're going to do
is look at the hypocrite look at the
hypocrite  that in the end nobody stays
when they earn money they take it out to
evade it they are going to tell us
what influential people have to do
a debt or they act as if it is serious they keep quiet
and they go wherever they
want it is called where they consider with their
money because you are going to pay taxes in front
of you and where you live or two if you are going to
send messages let them be good messages
look how those from Podemos took the
video of Ibai and used it to their advantage
look at more and vice and less blond they
took a video of Ibai from 34
years ago saying about taxes they
used it as a political campaign if you are
influential people what you have to
do
to the people because this cannot be
allowed that they are taking away 60% what you
have to do is wake
people up and send real messages
logical fighters do not allow yourselves to be
made fun of our [ __ ] face half
are buying those chalets while
the nannies are turned off while we
pay for 800 cars that we do
pay for luxury cars okay and
we here  giving away the dough is
what happens I'm telling you Chocas is not
going to go away for now he gave an ultimatum it's
not normal what the government is doing
taking more from those who earn less and Chocas
is right a lot has to change
the government doesn't take more from those who
earn less and less from those who earn it takes
a lame person you see it needs to take away the heart
both from those who earn a lot and from those
who earn little it's not normal family they are
not normal that the
self-employed fee on top of what they want to impose it
doesn't make sense it doesn't make
sense that you get tired of working it
stays with them because because they are the ones who
make the rules and since
they are the ones who make the rules well look
today I decided that I'm going to raise my salary let's
not be more stupid please as a
family I imagine that sometimes
I imagine I don't hope that some
learn I hope that some have already
given populist messages to earn
applause and the good that the same
progress learn and once they experience it
firsthand then they see what there is and that it
's not normal and that  Yes, it matters if they
take half of your money because of course it matters if
you don't care because you have a lot of money
like 6 berries that came in a lot and they
take half of it from me so you donate it
to the area where you feel like it,
not to buy from Pedro Snchez or a
limousine to take them to buy bread,
okay, good family, a hug
[Music]